Allow filtering tasks by status and status type (#1115)
ralphbean/bugwarrior: bugwarrior/docs/services/linear.rst

   are processed.
   The default value is ``{{label|replace(' ', '_')}}``.

.. describe:: status_types

   Comma-separated list of Linear status types that should be included. The
   default statuses for a team and any custom statuses fall into one of a few
   pre-defined types: `backlog`, `unstarted`, `started`, `completed`, and
   `canceled`, and are case-sensitive. See

>    https://linear.app/docs/configuring-workflows#overview. The default value is
>    ``backlog,unstarted,started``.

Reviewer: Using the config directive is especially preferred for structured values since they're formatted pretty differently in toml.

```suggestion
   https://linear.app/docs/configuring-workflows#overview. The default value is:
   
   .. config::
       :fragment: linear

       linear.status_types = backlog,unstarted,started
```

.. describe:: statuses

   If filtering by status types is not sufficient, this option allows filtering
   by a comma-separated list of status names. For example, if your team has a
   "Not A Priority" status with type "Canceled", which you would like to

>    include, use ``linear.statuses = Backlog,Todo,In Progress,Not A Priority``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   include, use:
   
   .. config::
       :fragment: linear
       
       linear.statuses = Backlog,Todo,In Progress,Not A Priority
       
```

>    These values are case-sensitive. If this configuration is provided,
>    ``status_types`` is ignored. The default value is empty.

Reviewer: Assuming the mutual exclusivity is validated, the wording should be adjusted.

```suggestion
   These values are case-sensitive. This setting overrides the default value of
   ``status_types``.
```
